# Monday, March 24th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 03/12/2025 morning
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 03/24/2025 morning
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 03/24/2025 afternoon
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer


## Key Points
1. Worked on figuring out a circuit for the opto-couplers for the signal coming from the control board.

2. Completed Signal Passthrough and rearranged the menu system.

3. Continued working Fan Simulation mode.


## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We learned how to use the control board from Lochinvar.

2. We also started testing our circuitry with the control board from Lochinvar.

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham picked up new control boards from lochinvar, fixed bugs in the menu, integrated the software passthrough, and worked on the fan sim mode.  
Ethan Haynes troubleshot the PWM issue and made a new opto-coupler circuit with Layne.  
Jacob Brewer made some small chnages to the case and button extenders. Also submitted it to imaker space.  
Conner Vick helped where needed.  
Layne Bowman implemented the SD-Card hardware changes on the current PCB design. Worked with Ethan on figuring out the new opto-coupler circuit.  

## Meeting Minutes
We continued working with the control board to figure out why our circuit was not reading the PWM. We currently have a design that we can read the PWM from the control board; however, there is a good bit of rounding due to the opto-coupler. We are currently looking into a new opto-coupler to help reduce this rounding effect. 

We also have been working on the Fan Simulation mode code, due to accidently creating the Fan Driving and Pass-Through modes instead. We are in a fairly good spot for the Fan Driving and Pass-Through; however, these modes were not the highest priority. We are hopeful to get the Fan Simulation mode done soon.  


## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Work on the Experimental Analysis for Peer Review.


Ethan Haynes will implement the opto-coupler circuit into the board and find new opto-coupler.    
Layne Bowman will work on the SD-Card code so that we can save and read back user parameters.  
Tucker Basham will work to finalize the fan simulation mode and fix on any existing bugs in the menu/signal processing.    
Jacob Brewer will pick up new printed case desing and button extenders.  
Conner Vick will work with Tucker to get the menu in a spot everyone is comfortable with.  




