# Wednesday, January 22nd, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 01/17/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 01/22/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham
5. Jacob Brewer

## Key Points
1. We started soldering all of our components on the PCB.

2. We started testing the PCB.
   
## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. None since we are starting the semester.  

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham has coded most of the initialization codes for the EEPROM and LCD.  
Ethan Haynes got the case ready to print and helped test power system.  
Jacob Brewer worked with Ethan to update our case design and pick out screws and washers.  
Conner Vick worked with Tucker to clarify how we plan to move forward on the software portion of the project.  
Layne Bowman picked up the ordered parts, worked on soldering the components to the board, and tested the power subsystem's functionality.  

## Meeting Minutes
We met up to start soldering the components on the board. We finished up soldering most of the components to the board, and realized there was a mistake on the PCB, due to this we will need to reorder some more components. We plan to submit another BOM after we have tested the functionality of all the systems.  

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Test the subsytems that can be tested without the need of software.  
2. Get Dr. Bruce to approve on all of our detailed designs.

Ethan Haynes will print the case and test pre-processing sub-system.  
Layne Bowman will ensure all the systems get tested and resumbit the BOM.  
Tucker Basham will continue to work on software and attempt to finish SD card initializations.  
Jacob Brewer will test the post-processing sub-system.  
Conner Vick will make progross on coding functions and sub functions.

