# Wednesday, November 06th, 2024

## Attendance
**In Person** on 11/13/2024 morning meeting
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham

**In Person** on 11/13/2024 evening meeting
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham
5. Jacob Brewer


## Key Points
1. We went over our questions with Lochinvar and they sent us a list of available USB connectors they have in house.  

2. We went over our work on each of our detailed design systems.  
   
## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We have been working on our detailed design.  

## Member Updates
Tucker Basham met with Dr. Bruce and went over his OS, also acquired nucleo chip from Dr. Bruce.  
Ethan Haynes made the PWM preprocessing circuit and simulated it in LTSpice.  
Jacob Brewer  start a draft of the case in solid works and draft the post processing.  
Conner Vick found buttons and did some pseudo code.  
Layne Bowman I have finished my power subsystem circuit diagram and I plan to test the parts I can.  

## Meeting Minutes
We had our monthly meeting with Lochinvar and they answered our questions we sent on 11/06/2024. They also sent out a list of available USB connections they have in house. In our evening meeting we talked through our individual subsystems. We also planned out when we are getting together to work on the PCB between all of the subsystems.

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Work on their parts of the detailed design.

Ethan Haynes will simulate the Tach Preprocessing circuit.  
Layne Bowman to work on the Kicad schematic for the power subsystem.  
Tucker Basham continue to work on understanding of Dr. Bruces OS and work on pseudo functions with Conner.  
Jacob Brewer have a completed draft of the case and post processing.  
Conner Vick nail down the pseudo code with Tucker.  


