# Wednesday, March 5th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 03/05/2025 morning
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer
5. Conner Vick

**In Person** on 03/05/2025 afternoon
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Conner Vick
5. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 03/07/2025 (Optional Meeting at Lochinvar)
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Conner Vick

## Key Points
1. Met with Lochinvar and got a control board.

2. Worked on the SD Card code.

3. Worked on the main function code.


## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We have a test plan for Experimental Analysis.

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham got a rudamentary version of fan sim/fan drive/fan passthrough working.  
Ethan Haynes tested with the controller and diagnosed problems.  
Jacob Brewer didn't get to show micah the post-processing sub system. Will show this week.     
Conner Vick   
Layne Bowman got the SD Card code working.

## Meeting Minutes
We figured out why the SD Card would not work. It was due to a hardware issue. (We had resistors on the Serial Clock, MOSI, and MISO pins and that was enough to mess with the timing) To resolve this we are planning to take the resistors out and simply blue wire the connection. We also came to the realization we ended up coding the Fan Driving mode instead of the Fan Simulation mode, we made our tool the controller instead of the fan, so we will update that. We also went and met with Lochinvar and showed them our progress so far. We also were able to bring a control board back to the Capstone lab to continue testing. 

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Learn how to use the control board from Lochinvar.

2. Start testing our board with the new control board.

Ethan Haynes will figure out why the controller is not providing current and figure out solution for optocouplers inverting the signals.  
Layne Bowman will start to integrate the SD Card code into our main project, and will continue testing with the control board.  
Tucker Basham will continue working on perfecting the diagnostic tool modes.  
Jacob Brewer will show micah my sub-system and will help out where ever is needed after.  
Conner Vick  



