# Wednesday, November 06th, 2024

## Attendance
**In Person** on 11/06/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Jacob Brewer
3. Conner Vick
4. Layne Bowman
5. Tucker Basham


## Key Points
1. We went over questions to send to Lochinvar before our meeting on 11/13/2024.

2. Went over the PCB and specific componenets each subsystem was using.
   
## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We finished the V-I excel sheet.
  
2. We are also all working on our detailed design.

## Member Updates
Tucker Basham Acquired a nucleo-l452 board from Dr. Bruce as well as set up a meeting with Dr. Bruce to port his OS onto the nucleo board.  
Ethan Haynes  
Jacob Brewer  
Conner Vick identified the specific buttons that will be used and is still looking into display options untill further confirmation.   
Layne Bowman I have found a new buck converter with an isolated output to ensure isolation for our main power. Additionally, I have our main components on our Kicad schematic and PCB footprint.  

## Meeting Minutes
The team talked through some specific questions for our detailed design. For example the power subsystem we looked through different buck converter modules. We additionally looked at Snapeda.com. This website will help us save time on modeling our symbols and footprints for the PCB. Finally, we finalized some questions for our Lochinar meeting on 11/13/2024 and sent them to Abbey Ward.  

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Work on their parts of the detailed design.

Ethan Haynes  
Layne Bowman is going to try and finish up the power subsystem so the team can work on the overall PCB design.  
Tucker Basham is going to try to work on porting the OS prior to his meeting with Dr. Bruce.  
Jacob Brewer  
Conner Vick is going to do his rough draft of my detailed design and will work on pseudo code for mircocontroller.  

