# Wednesday, February 26th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 02/26/2025 morning
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer
5. Conner Vick

**In Person** on 02/26/2025 afternoon
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Conner Vick
5. Jacob Brewer

## Key Points
1. Tried to desolder the LCD

2. Worked on the SD Card code.


## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We retested most of the subsystems on the board.

2. We each have a plan on what we need to test for our subsystems for the Experimental Analysis.

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham has reworked the LCD and continued working on main function.  
Ethan Haynes tested the pre-processing on the new board.  
Jacob Brewer tested post-processing with ethan and layne.    
Conner Vick  
Layne Bowman tried to troubleshoot the LCD code and continued working on the SD Card code.

## Meeting Minutes
Conner figured out what was wrong with the LCD, turns out it was not our intializaiton code. We soldered the LCD on upside down. Micah came and helped us desolder it from the board, and we plan to test the LCD on Sunday. We also retested the power, pre-processing, post-processing, and SD Card subsystems. We also were all tasked with creating a testing plan for our subsystem for the Experimental Analysis.

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Complete the Experimental Analysis test plan for your subsystem(s).

Ethan Haynes will work on creating a testing plan for the pre-processing.  
Layne Bowman will continue working on the SD Card code and will also help to test the LCD subsystem.  
Tucker Basham Will continue finalizing the main code and helping with LCD.  
Jacob Brewer  will demonstrate the post-processing to micah.  
Conner Vick  


