
# Wednesday, April 2nd, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 04/02/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Conner Vick


## Key Points
1. Worked on new opto-coupler circuit.  

2. Bug fixes.  

## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We turned in Experimental Analysis for review to both Micah and Dr. Bruce.

2. We did not work on the PCB design as we instead tried to get the circuit to work first.  

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham fixed some quality of life and signal generation bugs.  
Ethan Haynes worked on creating a new opto-coupler circuit.  
Jacob Brewer made some changes to button extender design.  
Conner Vick did some fixes with the menu system.  
Layne Bowman worked with Ethan on trying to get a new opto-coupler circuit to reduce the rounding on our signals.  

## Meeting Minutes
We mostly worked on bug fixes in the code this week. We also worked on the new opto-coupler circuit trying a 6-pin opto-coupler; however, we are not able to use it as it requires a higher voltage on the output side than we would be able to provide. Therefore we have ordered a new opto-coupler to test. Additionally, for the potential power / grounding issue mentioned in the previous minutes. It has resolved itself. We assume we were not making good connections and therefore we were having issues.  


## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Get Dr. Bruce to review and approve both Experimental Analysis and Minimal Functioning Prototype.  

Ethan Haynes will test the new opto-coupler circuit.  
Layne Bowman will continue helping test the opto-coupler circuit.  
Tucker Basham will continue working on bug fixes.  
Jacob Brewer will help where needed as needed.  
Conner Vick  will help where needed as needed.  
