# Wednesday, September 25th, 2024

## Attendance
**In Person:** on 09/25/2024
1. Tucker Basham
2. Ethan Haynes
3. Jacob Brewer
4. Layne Bowman

**In Person:** on 09/27/2024


## Key Points
1. Brainstorm questions for our meeting/tour with Lochinvar on 09/27/2024.

2. Explaining the project more in detail to Dr. Bruce.


## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. The team made corrections to the project proposal draft. The following was done by each member. The specifications and constraints, and measures of success were fixed by Layne Bowman. Ethan Haynes fixed the formatting issues with the Gantt Chart. Tucker Basham fixed the comments relating to the relevant literature. Jacob Brewer fixed the comments relating to the broader impacts.
2. The team turned in the project proposal in for the first round of iterations for the final draft.  


## Member Updates
Ethan Haynes completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the resources and timeline portion.  
Tucker Basham completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the relevant literature portion.   
Layne Bowman completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the specifications and constraints and the measures of success portions.  
Jacob Brewer completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the broader impacts portion.  
Conner Vick  completed the introduction.   

## Meeting Minutes
We brainstormed ideas for our Lochinvar meeting/tour on 09/27/2024. Explained the project to Dr. Bruce in a more in-depth fashion.  

## Action Items for Next Meeting
1. Tucker will send Lochinvar our questions before our tour/meeting on 09/27/2024.
  
2. Wait for Micah's next iteration of comments for our project proposal and resolve any comments he has.

