# Wednesday, November 20th, 2024

## Attendance
**In Person** on 11/18/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham
5. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 11/19/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham
5. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 11/20/2024 Morning Meeting
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham

**In Person** on 11/20/2024 Evening Meeting
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham
5. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 11/21/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham
5. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 11/22/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Conner Vick
3. Layne Bowman
4. Tucker Basham
5. Jacob Brewer


## Key Points
1. We went over our Kicad Schematic with Dr. Bruce.

2. We worked on our PCB schematic and board layout.
   
## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We have been working on our detailed design.  

## Member Updates

***Please add in that you worked on the PCB schematic, I will reserve the board layout to myself. If anyone is opposed to this let me know!***

Tucker Basham finished pinning out the microcontroller to all subsystems, and worked on the PCB schematic.   
Ethan Haynes finished Pre-Processing subsystem and Ports and Buttons subsystem. Worked on PCB schematic.  
Jacob Brewer finished the ciruit design for the post-processing system and worked on the PCB shematic.  
Conner Vick finished display subsystem, helped with pcb layout
Layne Bowman finished up the Power subsystem, and worked on the PCB schematic and board layout.

## Meeting Minutes
We met every night this week due to needing to get our PCB schematic and layout finished. We all met and worked on our individual portions of the schematic. We also used a built in pluggin for Kicad to autoroute our traces for our layout. We then added our Gerber, drill, and map files to JLCPCB's website to see if our board followed all of their design rules. After a few rounds of itterations our board now follows JLCPCB's guidelines. We also went through our Schematic design with Dr. Bruce, and we have a meeting schedule on 11/25/2024 to go over our layout.

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Submit pull requests for your subsystems.
2. Review the subsystems you are assigned to review.

Ethan Haynes will make requested changes to the Preprocessing subsystem and Ports/Buttons subsystem and will work on presentation.  
Layne Bowman will work on the presentation for the Power subsystem, and will make any corrections requested by Micah and Dr. Bruce for the Power Subsystem pull request.  
Tucker Basham will make the requested changes to the microcontroller and memory subsystems and begin working on the presentation for both subsystems.  
Jacob Brewer finish my cad draft for the case and will do any corrections on my systems  
Conner Vick will do my part for the presentation.
