# Wednesday, April 9th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 04/09/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Conner Vick
5. Jacob Brewer


## Key Points
1. Worked on new opto-coupler circuit.  

2. Worked on poster.

## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. Dr. Bruce reviewed and approved both the Experimental Analysis and Minimal Functioning Prototype.


## Member Updates

Tucker Basham  
Ethan Haynes finished designing and trouble shooting the new pre-processing circuit.   
Jacob Brewer  
Conner Vick helped fix a bug in the backend code. 
Layne Bowman finalized the new pre-processing and post-processing PWM circuits, and updated Kicad schematics.

## Meeting Minutes
This week we mainly worked on the poster. We have the general layout and a rough version of what we want to say. We have scheduled to take our team photo Monday April 14th after Capstone, after this we should be able to finalize our poster. Additionally, we worked on the pre and post-processing PWM circuits. We have finalized those designs and are in the process of updating the Kicad schematics. Once we have updated the Kicad schematics we plan to finalize a new BOM and get a final version of the board. Finally, we have planned with Lochinvar to visist on April 17th for one final round of testing, and on April 25th we are going to present our tool to them.  


## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Take team photo

2. Turn in the poster to Micah and/or Dr. Bruce for review.


Ethan Haynes will help to finalize the Kicad schematics and BOM.   
Layne Bowman will help to finalize the Kicad schematics and BOM.   
Tucker Basham will  
Jacob Brewer will  
Conner Vick  will contribute to the poster and presentation and bug fixes.  

