# Wednesday, February 19th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 02/17/2025 morning
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer

**In Person** on 02/17/2025 afternoon
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Conner Vick

## Key Points
1. Picked up our new PCB Board

2. Worked on code for the SD card, LCD, and Fan Simulation Mode


## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We have to make some more changes to the case. These changes will align the USB port with the microcontroller and allow for better securement of the lid on the case.

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham soldered the PCB, got main function code working, and helped with LCD code.  
Ethan Haynes made changes to the case.  
Jacob Brewer looked at updated case design.  
Conner Vick  
Layne Bowman helped to solder the components on the case, worked on the SD Card code, and the LCD code.   

## Meeting Minutes
We have mostly been working on code this past week. We have made good progress on the fan simulation mode code (PWM/Tach generation, and the parameters to change it). We have also been working on the SD Card code, which we think should work we are waiting on an SD Card Reader that can plug into our laptops to test if we have wrote anything to the SD Card. For the LCD code we are still working on it. We are still unable to write anything to the LCD, and we believe we have an error in our intializations. Finally, we picked up the new PCB board and soldered on all of the new components.

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Retest all of the components on the new board.

2. Work on the Experimental Analysis

Ethan Haynes will test the pre-processing sub-system and get the latest case printed. 
Layne Bowman will test the power subsystem and continuing helping with the SD Card and LCD code.  
Tucker Basham will continue working on the main fan code and will assist with LCD code and testing.  
Jacob Brewer will test the post-processing sub-system on new pcb.  
Conner Vick  

