# Wednesday, October 16th, 2024

## Attendance
**In Person:** on 10/14/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Jacob Brewer
3. Conner Vick
4. Layne Bowman
5. Tucker Basham

**In Person** on 10/16/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Jacob Brewer
3. Conner Vick
4. Layne Bowman
5. Tucker Basham

## Key Points
1. Finishing up the Conceptual Design and peer reviewing the whole document as a team.

2. Showing Dr. Bruce our Conceptual Design for a peer review from him.
   
## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We sent our questions to Abbey but have not heard back.
  
2. We still need to come up with outliers to find holes in our understanding of the project.

## Member Updates
Ethan Haynes **FIll in here**  
Tucker Basham **FIll in here**  
Layne Bowman has downloaded Kicad and has started learning the software as well.  
Jacob Brewer **FIll in here**  
Conner Vick has gotten done with his part of the conceptual design and helped clean it up to be turned in.  

## Meeting Minutes
The team met and peer reviewed our whole Conceptual design. The team found minor changes that needed to be made to the atomic subsystems section. The team also went through a round of peer review with Dr. Bruce, he did not see anything appaarent to change. Finally the team has moved back our meeting with Lochinvar due to Abbey Ward being on a travel assignment. The meeting has been moved from 10/16/2024 at 8 am to 10/23/2024 at 8 am.

Tucker Basham completed the introduction, power/circuitry specifications, and how the microntroller subsystem interfaces with the other subsystems.  
Ethan Haynes completed the Gantt chart, resourses, skills, case specifications, and how the PCB subsystem interfaces with the other subsystems.  
Jacob Brewer completed the broader impacts section, display specifications, and how the case subsystem interfaces with the other subsystems.  
Conner Vick completed the restating the problem section, high level solution, the PCB specifications, and how the display subsystem interfaces with the other subsystems.  
Layne Bowman completed the potential solutions section, the microcontroller specifications, and how the power/circuitry subsystem interfaces with the other subsystems.  


## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Come up with outlier cases.
2. Turn in Conceptual Design for the first round of review from Micah.

Ethan Haynes will look into Kicad.  
Layne Bowman will also look into Kicad, and different power ICs.  
Tucker Basham will look into how many GPIOs we will need and search for options.  
Jacob Brewer is going to look into different softwares for the case design.  
Conner Vick will come up with some ideas for potential displays / user interfaces.  
