# Wednesday, February 5th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 02/03/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer
5. Conner Vick

**In Person** on 02/05/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer
5. Conner Vick

## Key Points
1. Tested the rest of the subsystems.

2. Redid the microcontroller pin assignments.

3. Worked on the programming for the microcontroller's functions.

## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We sent in the BOM on Wednesday the 5th.

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham fixed the morpho pin assignments and helped finalize the PCB layout.  
Ethan Haynes tested both parts of the preprocessing and fixed case design.  
Jacob Brewer  
Conner Vick  
Layne Bowman help to update the pin assignments for the microcontroller, and finalized the PCB board layout.  

## Meeting Minutes
We rerouted the PCB due to redoing the pin assignments for the microcontroller due to finding a discrepancy on our pinout sheets. We also added in a potentiometer for the LCD screen to be able to change the brightness of the LCD screen. Finally Tucker and Conner have been working on coding the intializations and functions for the microcontroller.  

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Schedule a date to go and test the board at Lochinvar.  

Ethan Haynes will work on the case with Jacob to fit the display better.  
Layne Bowman will look into the rest of the reports for Capstone 2.  
Tucker Basham will continue to develop/debug the software.  
Jacob Brewer  
Conner Vick  
