# Monday, January 27nd, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 01/27/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer
5. Conner Vick

## Key Points
1. We tested the pre-processing subsystem.

2. We tested the post-processing susbsystem.

3. We worked on coding the intializaitons for the microcontroller, LCD, SD card, and EEPROM.
   
## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We tested all of the subsystems we could.

2. We had Dr. Bruce review and approve all of our detailed designs.

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham has aquired datasheets from delkin and finalized EEPROM/LCD initializations.  
Ethan Haynes tested pre-processing subsystem and printed the case.  
Jacob Brewer tested post-processing subsystem.  
Conner Vick started working on a version of the software to run on his machine.  
Layne Bowman helped to test the pre-processing and post-processing subsystems.

## Meeting Minutes
We started testing all of the subsystems we could without the microcontroller to see if we could identify anymore issues. We successfully tested the pre-processing, post-processing, and power subsystems so far. Once we have completed testing the board and going over the PCB again, we will re-submit our updated BOM to Mrs. Mountain.  

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Finalize the BOM and ensure we can find no more issues with our PCB.

Ethan Haynes will redesign the case.
Layne Bowman will help Tucker and Conner with coding the intializations or functions.  
Tucker Basham will work on finishing the SD initializations and basic functions.  
Jacob Brewer will test the second half of post-processing.  
Conner Vick will work on continuing the code.  


