# Wednesday, April 16th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 04/16/2025
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Conner Vick
5. Jacob Brewer

## Attendance
**In Person** at Lochinvar on 04/17/2025 (Optional)
1. Tucker Basham
2. Layne Bowman


## Key Points
1. Finished up the BOM and Kicad schematic.

2. Finished the poster.

3. Met with Lochinvar for more testing

## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. Micah reviewed the Poster and we made some changes based on his feedback.

2. We also took our team photo.


## Member Updates

Tucker Basham tested the tool with Layne.  
Ethan Haynes finished worked on Kicad schematic and worked on the presentation.  
Jacob Brewer helped finish the poster.  
Conner Vick helped with presentation and bug fixes.  
Layne Bowman finished up the BOM and Kicad schematics. Also worked on the presentation and went to Lochinvar for more testing.  

## Meeting Minutes
This week we finished up the poster and turned it in for review. We also put in our last version of the BOM, with this we also updated our PCB to its final revision. The team also worked on the presentation and we have the majority of it filled out, we just need to practice and make sure it all flows together. Finally, we went to Lochinvar for some more testing, and with the function generator it works exactly how it should. However, when we are connected to the Lochinvar Control Board we are missing a component in our design. The issue is the control board will send an initial signal with a set duty cycle (varies with each run). The control board also has a target RPM it is expected the fan to reach. Our tool sees that initial duty cycle and we base our simulated fan speed off of a calculation with the duty cycle, user inputted max fan speed, and user inputted min fan speed. We then send the signal back to the control board and the control board sees the signal with the simulated RPM. The issue lies here, we are basing our simulated speed off of the duty cycle we are recieiving; however, the duty cycle from the control board will only ever increase if the simulated fan speed matches (or is close) to the targeted fan speed.  


## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Finish presentation and practice.

2. Test some real fans to see if we can get our tool to preform more like a real unideal fan, rather than an ideal fan.  


Ethan Haynes will continue testing and troubleshooting.    
Layne Bowman will test with a real fan and try to figure out the missing component from our tool that a real fan has.   
Tucker Basham will help Layne with testing and further software changes.  
Jacob Brewer will help with presentation and any testing.  
Conner Vick will help debug and do presentation.  


