# Wednesday, October 9th, 2024

## Attendance
**In Person:** on 10/07/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Jacob Brewer
3. Conner Vick
4. Layne Bowman

**In Person** on 10/09/2024
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Jacob Brewer
3. Conner Vick
4. Layne Bowman
5. Tucker Basham

## Key Points
1. Finishing the operational flow chart

2. Coming up with a rough draft of the hardware block diagram

3. Reassigned atomic subsections due to changing the block diagram
   
## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. Layne Bowman created a new branch to have Dr. Bruce review the project proposal.

2. Dr Bruce approved the merge request for the Project Proposal (A digital signature of approval)

3. Due to us changing the block diagram all individual work done for making specifications for the atomic subsections has to be looked at and moved if applicable, or worse case be deleted and redone.

## Member Updates
Ethan Haynes has downloaded Kicad and has started learning the software. Wrote down the power specifications.
Tucker Basham has completed the introduction of the Conceptual Design. Completed the circuitry specifications.
Layne Bowman has downloaded Kicad and has started learning the software as well.
Jacob Brewer is looking into Autocad for the case.
Conner Vick added specifications to the subsections.

## Meeting Minutes
The team met with Bruce and recapped the previous week with him. During the meeting Dr Bruce digitally signed off on our Project Proposal through the merge request. The team also worked and completed the operational flow chart and the hardware block diagram. Each member has also been assigned a new and updated atomic subsection. This is due to us modifying the original hardware block diagram.

Tucker Basham has been assigned the Microcontroller subsection.  
Ethan Haynes has been assigned the PCB subsection.  
Jacob Brewer has been assigned the Case subsection.  
Conner Vick has been assigned the Display subsection.  
Layne Bowman has been assigned the Power/Circuitry subsection.  

The updated customers assignments are shown belowed:  

Tucker Basham is the customer for the Power/Circuitry subsection.  
Ethan Haynes is the customer for the Case subsection.  
Jacob Brewer is the customer for the Display subsection.  
Conner Vick is the customer for the PCB subsection.  
Layne Bowman is the customer for the Microcontroller subsection.  

The manager role will be assumed by the whole team instead of having individual managers.  


## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Send Abbey our list of questions.
2. Try and come up with outlier conditions our tool may have to capture.

Tucker Basham: Will come up with specifications for the Power/Circuitry subsection.  
Ethan Haynes: Will come up with specifications for the Case subsection.  
Layne Bowman: Will come up with specifications for the Microntroller subsection.  
Jacob Brewer: Will come up with specifications for the Display subsection.  
Conner Vick: Will come up with specifications for the PCB subsection.  

