# Wednesday, October 2th, 2024

## Attendance
**In Person:** on 10/02/2024
1. Tucker Basham
2. Ethan Haynes
3. Jacob Brewer
4. Conner Vick
5. Layne Bowman


Get more details on the characteristics in terms of data points for these graphs. All of the scale (3 million or 3 points)
Come up with some crazy senarios, all of the ways it can go wrong and then go back to Abbey to get some more information. (These are big pictures then go into the more detail stuff) Throw the block diagram on the screen and just come up with what if scenario.  

Write a list of requirements that the tool needs to be and send it over to Abbey. Requirements are the big picture and using the basic knowledge and turning that basic knowledge into techincal details.  

Dr. Bruce is good with the Project Proposal. Ask Micah whats he wants from Bruce.  



## Key Points
1. Brainstorm questions for our meeting/tour with Lochinvar on 09/27/2024.

2. Explaining the project more in detail to Dr. Bruce.

3. Meeting with Lochinvar and touring their facilities.

4. The team had a Q&A session with Abbey Ward, the SME for our project from Lochinvar.


## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. The team made corrections to the project proposal draft. The following was done by each member. The specifications and constraints, and measures of success were fixed by Layne Bowman. Ethan Haynes fixed the formatting issues with the Gantt Chart. Tucker Basham fixed the comments relating to the relevant literature. Jacob Brewer fixed the comments relating to the broader impacts.
2. The team turned in the project proposal in for the first round of iterations for the final draft.  


## Member Updates
Ethan Haynes completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the resources and timeline portion.  
Tucker Basham completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the relevant literature portion.   
Layne Bowman completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the specifications and constraints and the measures of success portions.  
Jacob Brewer completed and fixed the comments Micah had on our first iteration of the project proposal for the broader impacts portion.  
Conner Vick completed the introduction.   

## Meeting Minutes
We brainstormed ideas for our Lochinvar meeting/tour on 09/27/2024. Explained the project to Dr. Bruce in a more in-depth fashion. We also met with Lochinvar and toured their facility. After our tour, the team had a Q&A session with Abbey Ward, the SME from Lochinvar. She gave us a more in-depth look at where our tool would be implemented in their testing facility. We will be acting as the fan due to the noise the fans make in the testing room. Additionally, Abbey said ideally the tool would run off of 24 volts due to the Molex connection providing that and the fans run off of 120 V.

## Action Items for Next Meeting
1. Tucker will send Lochinvar our questions before our tour/meeting on 09/27/2024.
  
2. Wait for Micah's next iteration of comments for our project proposal and resolve any comments he has.
