# Wednesday, February 12th, 2025

## Attendance
**In Person** on 02/12/2025 morning
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer
5. Conner Vick

**In Person** on 02/12/2025 afternoon
1. Ethan Haynes
2. Layne Bowman
3. Tucker Basham
4. Jacob Brewer
5. Conner Vick

## Key Points
1. Met with Lochinvar for our monthly meeting.

2. Picked up new ordered components from Julie Mountain.


## Action Items for Past Meeting
1. We have tentatively set a date to meet with Lochinvar on Friday March 7th, this is subject to change depending on if we can get our PCB in a timely manner.  

## Member Updates

Tucker Basham picked up components and helped Layne download STM software/get starter files.   
Ethan Haynes got the case from the imakerspace and tested fitment of the board with Jacob.  
Jacob Brewer  
Conner Vick  
Layne Bowman picked up components, and downloaded the STM software needed to interface with the microcontroller to help with coding the SD card.  

## Meeting Minutes
We met with Lochinvar and gave them a progress update. They did not have anything for us other than letting us know they do have a simulator that we can use, they just need to find a display for it. We are planning to pick this simulator up when we go to Lochinvar to test our product, and get some instructions on how to use the simulator. We also picked up all of our components except for our revised PCB. We plan to continue testing the code on the old version of the board in the meantime.   

## Action Items for Next Meeting
To do list for the team:  
1. Continue working on the software and case.  

Ethan Haynes will fix the button extenders.  
Layne Bowman will work on getting the SD code working.  
Tucker Basham will begin working on main fan diagnostic functions.  
Jacob Brewer  
Conner Vick  

